Added cross references in the Remarks section of commandset and applicationcustomizer commands. Closes #5546 (#5548)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/spo/applicationcustomizer/applicationcustomizer-set.mdx

:::

> This command can be used for updating an application customizer from a specific site. To update a tenant-wide installed application customizer, view our dedicated [spo tenant applicationcustomizer set](../tenant/tenant-applicationcustomizer-set.mdx) command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be used for updating an application customizer on a specific site. To update an application customizer that's installed tenant-wide, view our dedicated [spo tenant applicationcustomizer set](../tenant/tenant-applicationcustomizer-set.mdx) command.
```
